>> Jen Kramer: So welcome back, everybody.
This is CSS.
And so now that we have the basics
of HTML under our belt,
we are moving on to the wonderful
world of CSS and making things pretty,
which will make everyone happy after
a day of truly ugly web pages.
So to get started today what we're going
to do is set up our initial HTML document.
I've already written this for you.
[COUGH] If you go to GitHub and
take a look,
we have here on this fine GitHub page,
we have the HTML we'll be using today.
Go on ahead and highlight the whole thing.
>> Jen Kramer: I laid it all,
and copy, and
then we're going to jump
on into Visual Studio Code.
Go ahead and start a new file.
Paste that on in.
One of the giveaways that this has not
recognized as an HTML file is that
everything you see is white.
That means you haven't saved it yet.
And VS Studio doesn't know
that this is actual HTML code.
So go on ahead and save this.
File > Save.
>> Jen Kramer: I'm gonna
make a folder on my desktop,
I'm gonna call it day2,
New Folder, day2 on my desktop.
And I'm gonna save this
as learningcss.html
right into that day2 folder.
>> Jen Kramer: Boom,
all the color comes up.
Isn't that great?
And then the last step here, just to make
this a little bit easier to work with,
is if you take your day2 folder, and
just drag and drop it right on top of VS
code, it may prompt you to save
the workspace configuration as a file.
If you wanna do that, you can.
I'm not going to.
>> Jen Kramer: Actually I
should probably say don't save.
There we go.
>> Jen Kramer: And then if you take a look
over on the left side of your screen,
you'll see that you should
have a column over here.
You should have
learningcss.html listed there.
If that is not in place, look for
the icon in the very upper left corner,
the one that looks like a couple
of documents and click that.
That's what toggles
that particular column.
And then we can go ahead and
open up learningcss.html.
Phew!
File management is always the hard part
of all of this and we'll go ahead and
we'll get started writing some CSS.